So when I was stationed at Naval Special Warfare, an opportunity to be,
uh, chaplain for one of the specific teams, and so that entailed me
doing work ups with them, deploying with them and then coming back
and doing the return of the union with the teams and being embedded
with them was key because it wasn't just the chaplain making a visit
in Afghanistan for a couple of days. But it was the chaplain that
was serving with them that was living with them that was training with
them. And I think it really paid dividends and gave an opportunity
for some real ministry to happen. And it was a blessing to see how
they grew into the opportunity of having someone with them to provide
those specific skill sets.